Too many links and redirections	
Display list of all programs
ambiguous term, getting confused, what does course requirements mean?
More clarity required
A chat bot or something like that might help.	
Even though I completed and submitted my application to NCSU with all requirements, the status still showed 'Incomplete' on the website. Although this is not the website's design issue per se, it would useful if a note to user is displayed with ETA to status change in system.	
Clear instructions as to what each term means.
Differentiating news based on category
Each faculty has their own custom website.
Some conditions on fees are not clear	
Mention the fees properly	
Make the links more visible. Under each degree add link to tuition calculator. I had to navigate a whole lot to find financial info.	
It would be nice to have a link for financial information on the same page tab as Future Students pane.	
Cost of living information is not clear
Not able to find the global ranking of CSC departments in different areas	
Faculty contact and course requirements to graduate	
A brief description of courses, like the syllabus structure, topics covered in a course, types of assignments to be given.	
Game of thrones new episodes	
I did not get/find any timely application assistance.
It's awesome! No changes required!	
Please use more visual aids, and clean/organize the content better.	
Reduce re directions to other pages	
Give more details on the work done by the professors	
Nah.....Whatttt a draggggg
Seems like a decent website. No suggestions from my side.	
The website does not highlight the current page link. I had to remember which page I was on everytime.	
Nah.....what a draggg...	
Improve navigation. More clear organization needed. Section naming and navigation should be more clearly defined.	
Add Game of Thrones theme
Make fees info more visible	
Photos of campus of NCSU.	
The images make the website loading a little slower. It could be improved in my opinion.	
Adding total financial expenses details	
navigating the website was a little difficult as a first timer
Sometimes clicking links to pages take us to the same page that we have visited before. It's like I am navigating the website in a circle.	
vhj	
Cost info should be more easily accessible,	
Navigation between pages could be improved	
NA
Since I am color blind, I am unable to differentiate red color from black. It would be really useful if the website has different color schemes which helps everyone to view it properly.	
Add elaborate faculty information especially about their teachings and coursework